Didn’t you both say that Consort Rong was just a scapegoat?
You just said that the Zhanzhou consort drowned in the lake.
Are you sure there’s no evidence left?
The servant tampered with her heart.
Even if armed forces come, it can only be judged as a disappearance or drowning.
Why did the Emperor transfer the authority to Consort Rong?
Has he discovered something?
Consort,
The Empress Dowager requests you.
I’ve seen His Majesty.
Empress Dowager, please rise.
Do you know someone has died in the palace?
What death?
What exactly happened?
Half an hour ago,
Consort Rong discovered that Zhou Caixian drowned in the water.
This happened in the previous life as well.
At that time, the investigation by the Consort concluded it was an accidental drowning.
Who was Zhou Caixian?
Consort,
It seems she was a newcomer who entered the palace at the same time as Consort Rong.
Oh, she entered the palace with Consort Rong?
The new sisters who just entered the palace,
I haven’t even seen them.
Daoist Rongfu.
Enough, I’ll ask you.
After dinner today,
Did you or your people leave the Zhongcui Palace?
After dinner, I was in the palace all the time.
I didn’t go out.
As for the people in my palace,
I usually don’t manage them much.
I’ll need to investigate to know for sure.
Report to the Emperor,
No wounds were found on Zhou Caixian.
From the mud on the soles of her shoes,
It looks like an accidental drowning.
It’s exactly the same as in the previous life.
Bring Lin Guiren up.
Greetings to the Emperor.
Greetings to the Empress Dowager.
Please don’t kill me, I’m innocent.
I’m wronged.
Who wants to kill you?